Mad Dogs. go. go!
Mad Dogs. go!
(growling )
Mad Dogs. go. go!
Mad Dogs. go!
Let's save some of the pep
for the competition. ladies.
Mad Dogs. go. go!
Mad Dogs. go!
Mad dogs...
Hey. Stoppable!
(growling ):
Mad Dogs!
Kim. he's doing it again.
Ron. oh. Ron.
Ron!
What?
You should. uh. hold back
until the competition.
You know. pace yourself.
Can't hold
back. K.P.
The Mad Dog came to play.
Yay!
No.
Ron. you're already on
thin ice with these girls.
Okay. can you just try
to be somewhat normal?
Is there anyone
who is not the boss of me?
I'mso not bossy.
Except when you're
telling me what to do.
(laughs ):
Bossy.
Hey. you've got to admit.
I usually know what's best.
Oh. please. are you kidding me?
Wait a minute.
This road looks familiar.
Too familiar.
(gasps )
Wade. I need a GPS lock
on our position.
Okay. calm down. Mad Dog.
Locked.
That can't be right.
That can't be right!
Ron?
It. it's my-my...
my worst nightmare!
(whimpering )
Return to Camp Wannaweep!
♪ Oh. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ I'm your basic average girl ♪
♪ And I'm here
to save the world ♪
♪ You can't stop me
'cause I'm... ♪
♪ Kim Possible ♪
♪ There is nothing I can't do ♪
♪ When danger calls just
know that I am on my way ♪
♪ Know that I am on my way ♪
♪ It doesn't matter where
or when there's trouble ♪
♪ If you just call my name ♪
♪ Kim Possible ♪
♪ Call me. beep me
if you want to reach me ♪
♪ When you want to page me.
it's okay ♪
♪ Whenever you need me. baby ♪
♪ Call me. beep me
if you want to reach me ♪
♪ Doesn't matter where.
doesn't matter when ♪
♪ Doesn't matter when ♪
♪ I will be there for you
till the very end ♪
♪ Danger or trouble.
I'm there on the double ♪
♪ You know that you always
can call Kim Possible. ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Stoppable.
You have a problem?
Drive! Drive fast. Mr. Barken.
Drive like
my life depends on it.
What are you yammering about?
It was the worst
summer of all time.
I swore I'd never come
back to Camp Wannaweep.
Never!
(popping )
No bus wipes out
on Steve Barken's watch.
Sound off if you're hurting.
I'm okay.
I'm fine.
I'm all right.
It's okay.
(sighing )
I'm hurting.
Dandy.
We got two flats.
Better call for help.
Ladies. cell phones.
(beeping )
LADIES:
No service?!
(gasping )
(groaning )
That's weird.
Well. the communicator
isn't working either.
BARKEN:
Stoppable
you know the lay of the land?
Every rock. every tree.
every blood-thirsty tick.
It haunts me.
Good.
Where's the phone?
Mom. hey. it's me again.
Yeah. yeah. I know.
I just called three minutes ago
but I just wanted
to ask one more time...
Can you please
get me out of here?!
I seem to recall a pay phone.
Lead the way.
Mr. Barken. I am not...
What did you say?
I said. "Lead the way."
Yeah. this is it.
The one time that Ron Stoppable
gets to lead
gets to call the shots.
gets to be the big boss man.
Ron. please
just take us to the pay phone.
Oh. I will.
But you need
to understand this...
I am your only hope.
What?
Ron. Normal.
Listen up. people.
Camp Wannaweep is a dangerous
and wicked place. and among us
only I. Ron Stoppable
know how to survive here.
Don't believe me?
See that?
Poison Oak.
How do I know?
What's this plant?
(screaming )
Make the itching stop.
This is a place of evil.
Stay close and
you'll stay alive.
(owl hooting )
Out of order.
I don't like this.
Place of evil.
This is just like those movies.
Innocent teens
stranded at a camp
in the middle of nowhere.
Then. some creepo starts
to pick them off.
One by one.
So not the drama. Tara.
This isn't a horror movie.
Oh. isn't it?
Okay. if it were a horror movie
there'd be more guys.
And they'd be way
cuter than him.
Oh. Bonnie.
You remind me
of the cruel kids at camp.
Sticks and stones.
Oh. the called you names?
Yes. while they were hitting me
with sticks and stones.
I saw something move.
It's just a squirrel.
Just a squirrel?
Really?
Leave me alone.
(growling )
So you've always been
a piece of work. huh. Stoppable?
They were bigger then.
Sure you weren't just smaller?
They were bigger.
Well. looks like we're stuck
for the night.
Okay. let's make the best of it.
Yes. right. follow me.
RON:
I was trapped.
Hiding in the hollow of a tree.
And then the woodpeckers came.
Your freaky friend
is acting extra freaky.
He's not freaky. Bonnie.
(owl hoots )
(gasps )
Well. okay. he kind of is
but it's not his fault.
It's the curse
of Camp Wannaweep.
What if he's right?
What if this place is cursed?
Tara. please.
Stoppable. you're
working on my nerves.
Mr. B.. shh.
We've got a rustle in the brush.
(rustling )
Ron. I think we've established
that the squirrels
mean us no harm.
What's that supposed to mean?
Let's just enjoy
the campfire and relax.
(hooting )
(gasping )
So. you shared a cabin
with a tick-infested chimp?
Yeah. that's right.
This place holds
a lot of memories for me.
Some bad. some...
no. no. no. all bad.
(groans )
I. um. I'm going to go get
some more firewood. yeah.
Ooh. K.P.
Camp Wannaweep.
rule number one...
Use the buddy system.
Oh. well.
I think I can handle it.
He's right. Possible.
I'll go. too.
Mr. B.'s with the program.
I cannot take
another camp story.
Why do you think I'm going?
(owl hooting )
(squishy footsteps )
You know. Ron
I happen to think
it's kind of nice here.
Oh. really?
Yeah.
Sure.
I mean. the woods are.
you know... woodsy.
And. and well. just
look at the lake.
It seems so peaceful.
Ah. yes. Lake Wannaweep.
(gurgling )
Eww.
Oh. I hated that lake.
(sighing )
Not another story.
No...
way.
I am not going into that water.
All right. everybody
jump in the lake.
(shouting )
Eww! Eww! Eww! Eww!
What's wrong now. Stoppable?
The lake.
Have you looked at it?
(gasps )
Have you smelled it?
BOY:
Look at Ronnie.
The squeeb's
scared of the water.
(screaming )
I am not scared.
The water is green
it stinks. and I'm pretty sure
I've seen
the fish glowing at night.
Gil. weren't you
in the morning swim group?
You're supposed to be in
Arts & Crafts right now.
There's no way I'm getting out
to make some stupid wallet.
You stay in there too long.
you're going to wrinkle up
like a prune.
Yeah. right.
You know. I could
take Gil's spot
in Arts & Crafts
and he could have
my afternoon swim.
I mean. you know.
for the whole summer.
Oh. fine. whatever.
Just change the activity roster.
We're heading for jungle law
that's all I know.
I still say
you're a squeeb.
We'll see who's the squeeb
at the end of
the summer when you're
all wrinkled up like a prune
and I've got a suitcase
full of handmade wallets.
pot holders and lanyards.
That was the last time
I ever saw Gil.
So. you've been a loser
for. like. ever.
Hmm?
(groaning )
(footsteps squishing )
(gasping )
Mr. Barken.
did you hear that?
Stoppable's getting to you.
That's just
nature's night music.
(muffled shouting )
Mr. Barken?
Mr. Barken!
Have you seen Barken?
Kim. duh.
Barken's with you.
Not anymore.
So. where is he?
I-I don't know.
There were these weird sounds.
he was there
more weird sounds
then he disappeared.
What?!
Uh. where are Liz and Marcela?
They went to the
little girl's cabin.
(girls screaming )
K.P..
buddy system!
(panting )
Kim. do I have to remind you
the importance
of the buddy system?
It didn't help Liz and Marcela.
(Rufus shouting )
That's not a human
footprint. Kim.
Okay. I'm getting
a little freaked out here.
There's only one place to go...
Cabin 13.
(wolf howls )
In this very cabin
I was able to survive
every evil Camp Wannaweep
could throw at me.
(gasping )
(screaming )
This will be
our base of operations.
Uh. Ron?
Yes. Tara?
I'm hungry.
Well. if we pry up
the floorboard. like so.
we'll find my
secret stash of snacks.
Cool.
Tara. those are ancient.
Gross.
Pop Pop Porter's
Food Style Pork Waffer's have
enough preservatives
to last for decades.
It's not so bad.
It's definitely foodstyle.
Great. Our squad
is short two people
and there is nobody to drive us
to the competition.
Dude. forget the competition.
How are we going
to survive the night?
There's something out there.
Okay. okay.
You're right.
Do you think
that something can drive?
Everybody stay calm.
I'm going to handle this.
Here's the plan...
Uh...
excuse me.
What?
On the school bus.
Barken's in charge.
When we're saving
the world. you're in charge.
But here at Camp Wannaweep.
I'm in charge.
Ron. this is serious.
Hello. note serious face.
BARKEN:
Possible!
Mr. Barken.
He's out there. let's go.
Possible.
It's okay. Mr. Barken.
we're here.
It's dripping and oozing muck.
Mr. B.. what exactly isit?
Freakish. it's. it's...
Makes me ill to visualize it.
(gagging )
Oh. come on.
I'm sure I've faced worse.
Did you say "oozing muck"?
(crashing and screaming )
Andit's back there!
(rumbling )
(gasping )
That's the guy.
He is freakish.
I heard that. squeeb.
Remember me?
Not really.
And I got to tell you.
I think I'd remember.
Oh. come. Ronnie. think.
We switched places.
You took my arts & crafts
and I took your swim time.
Gil?
Gil...
Gil who?
Oh. I'm no longer Gil.
Now I am Gill!
Uh...
what's the difference?
I added an "l."
You know. as in "gill."
As in. these things
that grew when I mutated.
(gasping )
K.P.!
Step away from
Miss Possible. Ronnie.
How do you know her?
Oh. I know
all about your life. squeeb.
It's been going great.
hasn't it?
I-I've got some complaints.
but who doesn't?
Is one of your complaints
that you're a stinking mutant?
All right. son. let's
take a time out here
before things get out of hand.
Do you mind?
Can't you see I'm catching up
with my old camp buddy?
So. Ron. did you ever hear
why they shut down the camp?
Uh. no.
It turns out...
Oh. you're going to love this...
The lake had been polluted by
runoff from the science camp.
I thought that
was the band camp?
No. that's band camp.
Really. I thought
that was clown camp.
No. that's clown camp.
Oh. yeah.
I love those clowns.
Okay. the point is
the lake was toxic.
See. I thought that
lake was funky.
I'm glad I never went in.
You on the other hand.
you practically...
lived in that water.
While you made wallets.
And lanyards.
I ruled at lanyards.
Look. we know plenty
of scientists.
Maybe someone can cure you.
Science?
Science made me like this.
Are you sure
it wasn't the clowns?
Aren't you wondering
how I jammed
all of your communications?
Equipment stolen from
telecommunications camp.
Lucky guess.
So you were behind
the blowout on the bus
and everything. Why?
All part of my plan
to revenge against
Ron Stoppable.
Part of me is terrified
and yet part of me is flattered.
Did I mention that
contact with this muck
will turn you into a mutant?
Just like me.
Well. you left that part out.
This is sick and wrong.
Ah. there is no way
they are going to let
a squad of mutant cheerleaders
in the competition.
There is no competition.
Don't you get it?
It was all a trap.
And guess what. Ronnie.
You're next.
Hey. Gill.
(laughs )
Maybe this is a good time
to sing the Camp Wannaweep
Friendship Song.
(belches )
Aah!
(belching )
(grunting )
Give it up. Ronnie.
Not when I've got
my old Cabin 13
Escape Tunnel handy.
He's ditching us.
Ditcher.
Ron does not ditch. He's...
(uncomfortable groan)
Mr. Barken.
what's up with you?
Uh. my neck
feels all weird and itchy and...
Cheese and crackers.
I'm mutating!
Uh-oh!
(boards creaking )
(belching )
(panting )
GILL:
Got you. Squeeb.
Huh?
RON:
Mr. Rabbit
comes out of his hole.
and hops around the tree. and...
(humming )
Hmm.
(grunting )
(strained groaning )
This does not bode well.
(sighs )
(grunts )
(engine starting )
Yo. Rufus.
So. he ditched you.
He did not ditch us. okay?
He obviously...
(engine approaching )
...found a motorboat.
so he could. uh...
Totally
ditch us.
He's out on the lake?
My lake?
How dumb can he be?
Aah. Aah.
(inhaling )
Aah.
I'm getting gills!
(engine stopping )
Rufus. didn't you check
to see if we had enough gas?
Uh-oh.
(water gurgling )
Hey. Ron...
it's free swim.
You're on!
(gasping )
Okay. that water isway
too funky.
You think?
You can't win. Ronnie.
This ismy element.
(gasping )
And arts and crafts
is my element.
Hey.
Now. Rufus!
(grunting )
Boo-yah!
(laughs )
What's going on?
You're out of gas. Aah!
Ooh. psych.
(grunting )
(buoy dinging )
Aah... Aah!
Aah!
(crickets chirping )
(panting and wheezing )
Free swim's over.
Mm.
(laughs )
(grunting )
Let me tell you
Ron Stoppable makes a mean
lanyard.
Hurry. man.
My feet are webbing as we speak.
GILL:
Ron you
are still
a squeeb.
Aah!
And you always will be.
Dr. Lurkin specializes
in genetic mutations.
So. you think you can reverse
Gill's mutation?
Well. I specialize
in genetically-altered rutabagas
so. this should be quite
a challenge.
I will have my revenge!
Oh. don't worry.
I'll fix him up.
Get normal soon. Gill.
BARKEN:
Hey! Hey!
Check my neck.
Everything cool?
Nice work. Miss Possible.
Actually
Officer Hobble. it was all Ron.
(chuckles )
Good one. young lady.
I'm serious.
Nice work. Stoppable.
Excellent.
All right.
You rule.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
No. no. no. no.
Thank you. Thank you.
(giggles )
(happy squeak )
(happy sigh )
You know it's not like
you're not still
you know... you.
But it would really stink
if that jerk had turned us
into mutants.
And you were kind
of brave and all.
Hmm!
Who rocks?
(sighs )
You do.
Whoo-yeah.
Boo-yah!
Mm-hmm. mm-hmm.
Hey. listen up.
The police are going
to give us a lift home.
Let's lock and load.
I'll be there
in a minute. Mr. B.
(birds singing )
KIM:
Pretty amazing.
What do you mean?
Everything.
You were awesome.
Yeah.
This is the one place
where I know the score.
Where Ron Stoppable
knows what it takes
to be the last camper standing.
(board creaking )
Yikes!
Ron. the stuff you did...
You were resourceful.
You were brave.
That doesn't have anything
to do with this place.
It'syou.
You think so?
Mm-hmm.
So. on our
next mission. I
call the shots?
Uh... we'll see.
Oh. come on.
I know what that means.
It means. we'll see.
Yeah. that's a code
for "not a chance."
Actually. it's code for
"ferociously unlikely."
Oh. man.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-